before we get started today I want to
talk to you guys about today's sponsors
skills share I've been wanting to learn
stuff a lot recently you could tell by
some of the fancy stuff that's been
around the edges here lately
I don't know out of this using
Skillshare it's an online learning
community where regular people such as
me and you can host classes and go out
and learn things whether it's like music
working on animation graphic design or
wanting to learn how to do some proper
photography skill shares got a lot to
offer if you can't tell from the
beginning of the video with the new
fancy logo I've actually been taking a
class myself animation for graphic
designers how to animate a logo by
William Keisling and it's been pretty
helpful you can actually see the fruit
of my labors Wow Skillshare is also
super affordable especially compared to
a lot of the alternatives in fact an
annual plan is less than ten dollars a
month which is a pretty good deal so
Skillshare is actually offering you guys
a special deal the first 500 of you guys
to click the link down in the
description will get a two month free
trial of Skillshare premium and you'll
be able to get your creative juices
flowing so you can you can go learn all
of the things diversify your bonds and
your skill set so go do that it now it's
time for animal crossing clones right
now I love animal crossing who doesn't
I would assume bad people y'all dug the
last time I went deep diving into the
big vat of animal crossing clones so I
figured eh let's do it again with a
hopefully less duck dynasty however
before we get started it's come to my
attention that last time I talked about
this I nailed it
we finally got a new Animal Crossing on
the horizon yeah that's right I called
it on purpose
thank you all for noticing so today I've
decided I'm gonna explore the wondrous
world of Animal Crossing clones once
again this time it's shameless but
what's an AC clone awesome y'all might
say that these are more harvest moon
clothes but I like to think of them as
more relaxing experiences the life
simulation games were sure you have a
daily clock sometimes sync to the real
world each day but you can really do
whatever you
you'll have big worlds with tons of NPCs
you can interact with homes you can
visit and you aren't necessarily just
relegated to farming farming is cool and
all harvest moons cool and all but I
don't need to min/max animal crossing or
duck dynasty so with that out of the way
let's get this started with one of the
first Animal Crossing ripoffs I ever
heard about my sims for the Wii just the
disc today sorry I don't think there's a
person out there who hasn't played or at
least heard of the Sims when it comes to
simulation games will right some access
used to always be on the cutting edge
the PC games could be found on all kinds
of school computers teaching kids about
zoning and growth or just how to summon
Godzilla to destroy humanity the Super
Nintendo port of the original was a
great adaptation with all kinds of cute
Nintendo Flair thrown in and of course
dr. right everyone's favorite Zelda
character the success of SimCity led to
a trillion spin-offs like sim Earth sim
tower simcopter sim pay your taxes and
who could forget the streets of SimCity
but we're gonna talk about the Sims as
we look back in hindsight from the
twisted wreckage of 2013 SimCity reboot
that I didn't think was that bad The
Sims came out in 2000 and took the world
by storm it was all over the news no one
was ready for how much they would care
for their fake families the seven
expansion packs or hanging out with
Avril Lavigne as humanity whoo-hoo their
way through The Sims 1 2 & 3 sometime in
2007 we'd get a Wii spin-off called my
sims oh and that was totally like hey
Animal Crossing I like that let's do
that
we already imported sims 2 to the
consoles let's try something new I rip
in a mom instead of having influence
over what your character did you instead
controlled them directly instead of
moving into a neighborhood to start a
family and maintain your own house you
become the mayor but not the mayor
because there is a mayor but you're also
in charge of literally everyone moving
into the city and building houses so I
mean congratulations not the mayor so I
started the game up and went ahead and
designed my character the only way I
knew how then I was tossed directly into
making my own house which I did the only
way I knew how
and my sims you get little trickles of
the Sims from time to time with how you
interact with objects and characters but
it's really dumbed down and just gives
you options like be nice or be mean
turns out be mean can be as simple as
making a farty face at someone or
full-on assaulting them no no don't be
nice you basically just like go around
taking requests from people to build
houses moving them in help them build
furniture by painting it with essence
which can be like your happiness or like
an apple you found you raised your
town's star level yeah talk to people
you tickle the mayor rinse repeat
forever I haven't seen boruto yet but I
assume that this is what it's about
okay building furniture one piece at a
time with the Wiimote is an absolute
nightmare who thought this was a good
idea it's a novel concept and it might
have actually worked if this controller
wasn't the actual worst
unfortunately the sim part is extremely
limited and housebuilding only gives you
a handful of options to work with so
yeah that's why I need 10 moai heads
around my house well what else can I do
I like how shamelessly animal cross
this is especially right when you start
like hmm a train platform where have I
seen this before read their Redemption
so it's basically animal crossing except
every person you meet is completely
useless and you have to take care of
their needs otherwise you can't progress
yay I think my sims is pretty awful but
for some reason it reviewed decently and
apparently did extremely well despite
the fact that the entire game is a fetch
quest where you just go making furniture
for people forever but there's not just
one of these games there's not two
there's six of them some with a
different Nintendo DS version all within
three years the EI effect not all of
these are Animal Crossing clones however
my sims Racing is definitely a racing
game it's wild to think that my sims did
so well that it got a lot of sequels but
then I realized this came out on the Wii
a year before Animal Crossing proper so
that explains everything next so how
about a new game my time at Portilla no
no box for this either cuz it's on game
pants if you told me 20 years ago that
the dudes who made worms Armageddon
we're gonna become a super dope indie
game publisher scoffed at you but
nowadays 27 teens throwing out indie
bangers left and right overcooked yaku's
Island Express the escapists and one of
the latest of the bunch my time at
Portilla
is it 40 no this isn't about the animal
crossing character gross this is Chinese
developer path via game's Kickstarter
success story speaking of uh still
waiting on project Phoenix hello but hey
it turns out 150 K is enough to make it
out a Kickstarter into Steam early
access onto the consoles gained itself
an audience on YouTube and twitch and
finally into the big box retail stores
right next to my riding stables life
with horses
the only difference of course being the
fact that Portilla doesn't make me want
to visit the emergency eyewash
thankfully my time at party is one of
the better Animal Crossing Harvest Moon
dark cloud - clones inspired by the
works of Hayao Miyazaki don't take my
word for it check the wiki so you
arrived in Portilla when you find a
letter from your paw saying he's a huge
deadbeat and now he's on the other side
of the world but here have this house
it's a total rundown piece of crap now
start working for the city
every one need you to build stuff cuz
they're completely useless be my pride
and joy
PAH okay a lot of games like this drag
you through a very long tutorial where
you have to meet everyone in town check
every single house sit through long
bouts of flavor text before finally
being able to put down a couch you found
put poor Tia just kind of throws you to
the wolves before doing anything I found
a pair of boxing gloves in a chest and
started beating the crap out of
everything in my sight I do what I want
however before too long you got to start
doing the quests but they flow pretty
well has the newest builder your goal is
to build stuff time flows in this game
on its own schedule and besides the main
missions you're able to accept jobs that
have their own deadlines
however unlike some of your harvest
moons there's no giant imposing time
limit over your head
seasons change but it's not like you
have three years till daddy's back
instead story missions are just tied to
unlocking new areas and other things of
which there are a lot you start off with
a simple crappy workshop but then like a
lot of modern survival games you find
ways to automate the process more and
more you get that number go up
satisfaction from like satisfactory
that's a game that was bad but from here
you gotta just live your life in
Portilla on top of crafting you can also
go mining for materials and relics you
can go hunting and fight monsters you
can also decorate your house in an
attempt to look presentable why well
builders need love too not only can you
become friends with the many many many
citizens of Portilla you can also get
married well that takes time
gifts the wooing or sparring I don't
think that's how dating works my time at
porty has come a long way since its
Kickstarter debut and it continues to
get support long after the early access
period which is pretty dope if you're
looking for something to scratch that
social life sim Animal Crossing edge
while tickling the crafting side of
things look no further
or actually actually wait we got a few
more games every few weeks I like to
look through the Nintendo switch shop to
see all the new releases there's a lot
not as much as steam yeah I used to do
it with steam all the time but then it
got out of hand with all the hentai
which I could turn off but the switch is
a little more contained
barely some days you'll hit up the new
releases and there's like 20 games
back-to-back you never heard of so I
felt cool games like qu9 1980 ex and
overlord the cross mo let's be honest I
do this because I want to see the weird
and absurd stuff no one's heard of turns
out for a better or worse a lot of those
are ports of mobile games but the one
we're gonna be talking about today was
brought on as a full standalone
purchasable life simulation game called
world Neverland all nyah Kingdom one
word by the way
this ain't a one-off though this is the
latest in a series of games that dates
all the way back to 1999
you got world Neverland the ol Rudd
Kingdom stories world never land to the
wock wock tick Republic of Pluto the
hell are these names however was L mayic
ingdom Japanese developer alpha Inc
finally made something that hit well
enough to make it overseas first thing I
noticed about this game is that I am
thick it's like they took the front of
Rouge the bet and put it on the back
world Neverland is a life sim game that
is pretty much built for the mobile
device it has really low graphical specs
it uses real money currency for a lot of
the things that you can do it's like hey
escape to this fantasy world make
friends start a fake family and stop
thinking about 2020 for a little bit
while you're sitting on the toilet
however they released a digital
standalone version of this for the
Nintendo switch for a full ass $29.99
and I have bought it on a whim so that's
we're talking about the people of this
world age 3 times faster than an hour
world 6 years old for us is 18 years old
for them I guess I'm a 6 year old this
starts out like any old mobile game by
just tossing you into the deep end of
tutorial screens and holding your hand
for a solid two hours you're a traveller
in the world of el nya and you're
looking to find yourself a place a job
mate secrets to the meaning of life and
you do that by Auto walking heck yeah
you don't have to but the map is
extremely confusing when you get started
and similar to a lot of old-school
Korean MMO is you can just press a
button and just just go certainly not
something you see often on a console
that you pay money for you become
friends with people by just mashing a
button on them
and like it seems to work extremely fast
because in a single day I was able to
make like three lifelong friends he'll
take bullets for each other and meet my
true love I've been here for like five
hours we're gonna get married someday
that that's not too fast is it I even
ran into myself Austin says I'm 20 years
old which is untrue and also that I'm
elderly despite looking like a young and
spry anime boy so I guess this is what
I'm supposed to feel like after
graduating high school elderly also for
some reason I keep calling him Diego try
to date myself but you can't hook up
with elderly married a man apparently so
I sold him for this farmer boy named
Santos after our first steamy date he
decided to try and sell me some
souvenirs yes I did buy them shut up
besides just talking to people and
living your life there's clunky combat
gathering that consists of just pressing
a bush over and over in an extremely
limited housing and cosmetics system
that has TLC for some reason I could see
the appeal of world Neverland on a
mobile device since you can play it for
five minutes and just call it a babe it
has a full priced game on the switch no
especially because there's a better life
sim in this video on the same console
that's cheaper world's Neverland is a
game that I dug really deep to find but
the next what I'm about to talk about is
one that's brought up pretty often in
the Animal Crossing clone conversation
it is on a console I'm not super fond of
but it is the one that brought us Animal
Crossing new leaf
so yeah fantasy life means life level
five doesn't get enough respect
considering back in the day they were
responsible for amazing classics like
dark cloud 1 & 2 dragon quest 8 rogue
galaxies the Professor Layton series and
both of the lovable ninokuni 's it's
kind of odd to see that they've turned
into a yokai watch Factory I for one
will never let the cancellation of the
Xbox original mo RPG true fantasy live
online go I will never forget you
however I don't think it would be too
far-fetched to say that a few ideas from
this made its way all the way into the
3ds exclusive fantasy life now the 30s
has always been kind of a my
the system feels weird in my hands the
resolution is so low I have a hard time
looking at the screen for too long even
with 3d ah I don't like playing games
portably these days anyway so even
though I considered myself a level 5
fanboy at a certain point fantasy life
just slipped through the cracks but I
sure wish somebody told me to play this
six years ago instead of like in 2020
thanks for nothing if you can't tell
Animal Crossing clones come in a variety
of flavors some of them have you working
as a slave for some random town like Tom
Nook others have you trying to make a
big name for yourself fantasy life
decided eh let's take a life simple a
central plot JRPG classes levelling
gathering crafting cosmetics in it maybe
some online multiplayer for fun and call
it a day no big deal just gonna sit here
and me one of the best games in the 30s
the main hook for fantasy life has said
you're able to live out your life
however you want when you boot up the
game you'll notice you'll have a
selection of 12 lives you can pick from
there's combat gathering and crafting
lives such as paladin mercenary
alchemist woodcutter weaver and cook
once you pick one and get started you'll
be able to change it any of them by
hitting up the guild unfortunately if
you want to actually progress through
the plot you'll need to grab a couple of
these and for sure at least one combat
job yeah every class can use daggers and
do a little stabby stab but that's not
gonna help much against bosses so you
can't just cut down trees all day you
have to study the blade or like the bow
yeah you got choices fantasy life has
chapter based progression directly tied
to the story so it isn't as open-ended
as your normal life sim but it does
carry a lot of the same qualities you
can make friends you have to make the
most of your day so you gotta match a to
chop the carrot at a certain point you
might find yourself getting lost
gathering wood to build furniture for a
house and that's the kind of silly
harmless fun that I think falls right
into the Animal Crossing pocket it
treads that line of relaxing and
exciting even if the combat is extremely
basic however I'm a fan of any game that
will let me make it a little gremlin I
am beautiful
so y'all ever like play a game and it's
like wow this music sure is good then
you google it it's like oh hey know who
I'm
sooo here what up just casually wearing
masterpieces here you go see you later
fantasy life has the humorous level 5
wit and charm and it's more than worthy
of having that good old level 5 logo on
it as far as animal crossing clones go
this is a big yes a big big yes if you
missed this one and need a 3ds game to
play I highly recommend it that our
Animal Crossing but you probably already
did that also this is my kitty cat I
love him well we've reached the apex the
last game of the video last time we went
out with kind of a bang we had duck
dynasty on the 3ds the best game of last
decade so I have to top it this time I
think I think I know pretty deep through
the annals of the licensed flock in
order to bring you another classic for
the ages and now I'd bequeath upon you I
Carly to rejoice icarly fans your sequel
has finally arrived even if it kind of
looks like no mercy weirdly enough
icarly 2 is probably my most requested
Animal Crossing clone from our last time
here with some of y'all calling me a
coward for not covering it yeah well
screw you I'm gonna do it icarly came
out when I was a 17 year old dude I'm
not quite sure a Nickelodeon TV show
about two little girls trying to become
youtubers in 2007 was something that was
my demographic however the show
regularly got ratings equal to or better
than the WWE for the entirety of its run
so who am I to judge the power of
children's television so I guess there
was an icarly one considering two exists
and I joined the clique came out on the
Wii and D s I've never seen a copy of
iCarly too on the DS in the wild and I
assume it's gonna be rare one of these
days considering it's a parent Li a
prime target for people melting down
copies of games for gold apparently
that's the thing people do 1,200 pounds
of iCarly here you go however based on
all the gameplay videos I've seen the DS
and the Wii versions of the game are
practically the same so we're gonna be
looking at this bad boy
god help us so we start with the most
wonderful of title screens before making
our character answering a few questions
in this
uh what what kind of room is this hey
micro no am i selling weed is this what
iCarly's about turns out it's just
generated based on your answers it
wasn't aware that liking the color green
and enjoying books and computers meant
that I was a liked musky dank smelling
teenager icarly too is as the name
suggests just trying to join I joined
the clique you aren't just a fan of
carly and sam zebus ODEs you're a
superfan you moved into this house right
next to the same school they go to you
become friends with them and then
they're like hey look at this fan he's
such a step below iceless fan let's put
him to work and in exchange you get to
add them on Facebook I will cherish this
you got to decorate the icarly stage
with furniture you find and move it
around Animal Crossing style before
playing a game of peggle to create a
webisode for the internet this typically
just entails pressing buttons and making
the girls to specific activities like
high-fiving random dancing
or eating this is cursed very similar to
Animal Crossing and more to the point
duck dynasty you embark on an eternal
series of fetch quests where people will
give you furniture and clothes in return
for your manual labor sometimes it's a
new skirt other times it's a portal to
the moon oh yeah also all the NPC's
sound like this
for some reason they decided to give all
the TV show characters real voices but
random NPCs have weird hey I don't know
like I reversed the footage and it
wasn't like they were saying awful
things it's like they wanted to do the
animal crossing thing where they speak
like pin instead it's like I'm having a
curse placed upon me one where you'll
start random dancing with NPCs and it's
unskipable every time yo say you Kiko
after talking to people and showing
basically everyone how to do really
awful looking dances they add you on in
your face pages the canonical and
universe equivalent of Facebook and you
can now view their statuses thankfully
no one is saying completely awful things
though they do talk about the new kid
constantly or limp Biskit I don't know
anything about the show besides
something about feet and I'm not really
sure that explains why it started
raining apples for multiple days but the
game did teach me a valuable lesson if
you're in a position of social power in
this case an online creator don't take
advantage of your fans they might
discover you and Bea's icarly - I joined
the clique has become a meme over time
with its speedrunning community becoming
more and more active including a random
dancing percentage where you just try to
get an npc to dance with you and frankly
I see this going places careers could be
built on this I might get into it myself
so the next time someone asks you if
icarly so good why isn't there icarly -
you'll know what to do and there we go
Animal Crossing clones part 2 in the bag
now I enjoy playing these games I find
it really relaxing for a change so I'm
thinking before New Horizons comes out I
might actually give another one of these
ago but this time I'm gonna make a
little call considering 14 months ago I
did a pretty good job so the next Animal
Crossing will be called Animal Crossing
Suikoden six you've gotta work thank you
all so much for watching
special patreon shout out to Brandon
Howell Chris Shelton Christopher Olivia
cliff pro Donald Doughty David Molnar
Eli Shane Stephanie Kerr Jay Bruce Jane
Jones Jacobi Fitzpatrick Josh garbage
Lord legendary Knight Ron plasma
and Vlad lust thank you very much for
your contributions to the channel new
year new me although this is technically
the second video of the year but we're
done with our break we're back we got
some new assets we got a bunch of new
stuff coming we've got in the video come
in and like a couple days love you bye